[New `classes` concept exercise]: ellens-alien-game (#2876)
exercism/python: exercises/concept/ellens-alien-game/.docs/hints.md

# Hints

## 1. Create the Alien Class

> - Remember that class methods are always passed `self` as the first parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remember that object methods are always passed `self` as the first parameter.
```

- Remember the double underscores on _both_ sides of `__init__`.

> - Instance variables are unique to the object/class instance that posesses them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Instance variables are unique to the class instance (object) that possesses them.
```

- Class variables are the same across all instances of a class.

## 2. The `hit` Method

> - Remember that class methods are always passed `self` as the first parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remember that object methods are always passed `self` as the first parameter.
```

## 3. The `is_alive` Method

> - Remember that class methods are always passed `self` as the first parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remember that object methods are always passed `self` as the first parameter.
```

- 0 is not the only 'dead' condition.

## 4. The `teleport` Method

> - Remember that class methods are always passed `self` as the first parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remember that object methods are always passed `self` as the first parameter.
```

## 5. The `collision_detection` Method

> - Remember that class methods are always passed `self` as the first parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remember that object methods are always passed `self` as the first parameter.
```

> - If you wish to `pass` on completing a method, there is a way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you wish to 'pass' on completing a method, Python has a keyword for that.
```

## 6. Alien Counter

- Class variables are the same across all instances of a class.

## 7. Object Creation

- A tuple is a single parameter.
- Alien takes 2 parameters.

> - What you really want is what is inside the tuple.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Unpacking what is _inside_ the tuple might be closer to what you need.
```
